Update scripts and transactions examples (#1086)
onflow/fcl-js: docs/reference/transactions.mdx

We are assuming you have read the [Scripts Documentation](../scripts) before this, as transactions are sort of scripts with more required things.

> Just like [scripts](../scripts), `fcl.mutate` is a [JavaScript Tagged Template Literal](https://styled-components.com/docs/advanced#tagged-template-literals) that we can pass Cadence code into, except it is used for transactions. Whereas, `query` is used for scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `query` is used for sending scripts to the chain, `mutate` is used for building and sending transactions. Just like [scripts](../scripts), `fcl.mutate` is a [JavaScript Tagged Template Literal](https://styled-components.com/docs/advanced#tagged-template-literals) that we can pass Cadence code into.
```

Unlike scripts, they require a little more information, things like a proposer, authorizations and a payer, which may be a little confusing and overwhelming.

> If you run into trouble, get stuck or need some help, reach out to us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/k6cZ7QC), we are more than happy to help. Or, check out the [Quick Reference](../api) for a deeper dive.

Reviewer: Repeated and (see above comment)

The `payer` is who will be paying for the transaction.

> As mentioned before, it is very important to always provide both a `proposer` and `payer`, the transaction will not work with out them, when in doubt its probably safe to make them the same.

Reviewer: mutate defaults these values to `authz`, so this no longer applies

Author: Changing

> This `fcl.mutate` will return a `transactionId`. We can pass the response directly to `fcl.tx` and then use the `onceSealed` method which resolves a promise when the transaction is sealed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fcl.mutate` will return a `transactionId`. We can pass the response directly to `fcl.tx` and then use the `onceSealed` method which resolves a promise when the transaction is sealed.
```

```javascript
import * as fcl from "@onflow/fcl"

const transactionId = await fcl.mutate({
  cadence: `
    transaction {
      execute {
        log("Hello from execute")
      }
    }
  `,
  proposer: fcl.currentUser,
  payer: fcl.currentUser,
  limit: 50
})

const transaction = await fcl.tx(transactionId).onceSealed()
console.log(transaction) // The transactions status and events after being sealed
```

# Authorizing a transaction

The below code snippet is the same as the above one, except for one extremely important difference.
Our Cadence code this time has a prepare statement, and we are using the `fcl.currentUser` when constructing our transaction.

> The `prepare` statements arguments directly map to the order of the authorizations in the `authorizations` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prepare` statement's arguments directly map to the order of the authorizations in the `authorizations` array.
```

      }
    }
  `,
  proposer: fcl.currentUser,
  payer: fcl.currentUser,
  authorizations: [fcl.currentUser],
  limit: 50
})

const transaction = await fcl.tx(transactionId).onceSealed()
console.log(transaction) // The transactions status and events after being sealed
```

> To learn more about `mutate`, check out the [API documentation](../api).

Author: @10thfloor Do I have these links right?
